Table LIBRARY-HITS

Ligand-sensitive sgRNAs isolated from FACS screen.  Name: The names of those 
designs that were described in the main text.  *This design is the precursor to 
ligRNA−, which we created by transferring the nexus stem from this design onto 
an optimized sgRNA scaffold [Dang2015].  Library: The libraries (from Table 
LIBRARIES) from which each design was isolated.  Picks: The number of times 
each design appeared (first number) out of the total number of colonies picked 
to sequence from each library (second number).  Fold Change: The fold change in 
fluorescence in response to the addition of theophylline, measured by flow 
cytometry.  All data are single-replicate.  The subcolumns (G1, G2, R1, R2) 
indicates the spacer used for each measurement.  Note that the designs from 
libraries 1–6 appear to be spacer-independent, and that none of the designs 
from libraries 29–30 work well with G2 (despite mostly working with the other 
spacers).  Sequence: The sequence of the isolated design, color coded by the 
domains in Figure 1c (blue: upper stem; navy: nexus; teal: hairpin; purple: 
aptamer; orange: everything else).  Note that the randomized regions on either 
side of the aptamer often form very well based-paired stems.  Also note that 
for the nexus insertions (libraries 7–22), U95 and G63 (in ligRNA− numbering, 
alternatively the third position from the 3' end of the nexus and the position 
at the 5' end of the nexus) are conserved in 17/20 and 20/20 of the isolated 
sequences.  This corroborates the importance of those positions in our 
mutagenesis experiments (Figure MUTAGENESIS).

